Hello, guys.
Now I show you how to install Anaconda Navigator on Linux.
Specifically this going on.
Let's open our browser.
Enter how to install Anaconda on or want to kick the first link.
And we have a list of commands that we have to follow step by step.
Let's open the terminal.
At the beginning.
Let's go to the temp directory.
Then we can list what is here.
We start by downloading the installation file folder, copy the given command and paste it into the
terminal.
Click Enter during this time.
Our file is downloading.
We have to wait a moment.
At this time, we can go for the next installation of depth and see what we will do next.
Step three we can skip.
Then we're on the bus script to install Anaconda environment.
Then we accept the license terms, accept the default path where Anaconda will be installed.
In example, home flashing of our flash anaconda free.
Finally, activate the installation and then we can test that.
The installation will also create our test environment for Python version three, then activate the
created environment and finally launch Anaconda Navigator.
Okay, we have the file downloaded.
Now copy the next command and press.
Enter.
Press enter.
Then we accept the license terms.
Entry.
If we confirm the default location.
Hit.
Enter.
And I count up against things, though this process will also take a while.
Okay.
The installation will successful.
Let's see if they can do list command works.
Come on.
Not found because we haven't yet activated the installation.
We need to run this command.
And let's execute Condor list.
Now, all the library's installed in our base environment have been listed.
We can now create an environment with a command conduct create wave flag that last name and name test
band of.
We create an environment and 30th.
We can now activate the environment by entering conduct activities.
Pandef.
We feel that the name has been changed.
We are in the test band environment and we can use the Condor list to list all the libraries installed
in the environment.
We don't have any so we can install in the example pandas library conda install pandas.
This command will install the Pandas library and its dependencies.
Accept the F.
Now we can list all of our instant libraries.
We can see that all the dependencies on which the library is based have been installed.
Now to run Anaconda, navigate our program, we can run the Anaconda Navigator Command in the terminal.
At this moment, we start the Anaconda Navigator program, and we can use this program as one window.
Let's try running, Spider.
It will start with the default settings.
Okay?
Nothing.
We are ready to go further.
Thank you for watching.
Feel.